Add README instructions for reviewers (#63)
TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Unit-Test-Arrays: Readme.md

The test array builder will create a folder called `arrays` in the current working directory of where it is run.
In the arrays folder will be a sub folder with the tiledb version. This can be copied to the top level directory
and it will be used by TileDB for unit testing.

## Reviewers

> Adding a review for a PR here it's not trivial, opening a PR in the browser doesn't work (usually a PR will add a new array and it's 5k+ files),
> cloning takes forever, we also don't have an older branch which has less data in it so you can clone that directly, here's one way to do add a review:

Reviewer: This sentence isn't super readable as-is. I'd suggest splitting it into a few sentences. Something like this:
```suggestion
Reviewing PRs in this repository is not always trivial. Many PRs add 5k+ files which cannot be opened in the browser, and the repository itself takes a long time to clone. Additionally, there is no alternative, older branch with less data to be cloned. To overcome these hurdles, here is one suggested way to add a review:
```

- Install GitHub commandline tools (on macOs it's a simple `brew install gh`)
- Login to your account by running `gh auth login`
- In order to submit a review, you need to be in a git repository, and you need to have one of the remotes pointing to this repo, here's how to do it without cloning this repo:
- Go in any git repo you have locally, run `git remote add testarrays git@github.com:TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Unit-Test-Arrays.git`. This is needed because the next command requires you at least have a remote pointing to the default repository you set.
- Run `gh repo set-default git@github.com:TileDB-Inc/TileDB-Unit-Test-Arrays.git`.

> - Now you can submit your review with: `gh pr review --approve 62`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now you can submit your review with: `gh pr review --approve <PR #>`
```
